docs(registry): Further specify owner-remove response (#12056) (#12068)
rust-lang/cargo: src/doc/src/reference/registry-web-api.md

```javascript
{

>     // Currently unused.
>     "msg": "This field is currently ignored by cargo.",
>     // Indicates the remove succeeded, always true.
>     "ok": true

Reviewer: Following what ehuss suggested, I may do some change like this:

```suggestion
    // Indicates the remove succeeded, always true.
    "ok": true,
    // A string to be displayed to the user. Currently ignored by cargo.
    "msg": "owners successfully removed",
```

Author: Thanks for the input @weihanglo, I have made the changes and created another commit, but I do not know how to "squash my previous commits", doing on some research online I think it has to do something with "git rebase -i HEAD~n" where n should be the number of commits I want to squash into one.

But my recent git log looks like this-
```git
commit cc6ca48b63dc6a331fef7b7d6801ce17624b330c (HEAD -> #12056, origin/#12056)
Author: Bhardwaj-Himanshu <himanshujay261201@gmail.com>
Date:   Tue May 2 17:00:10 2023 +0530

    Some more reviewed changes for #12056.

commit 83a1469c319b6950826ad689eb3bf39874abbc4f
Author: Bhardwaj-Himanshu <himanshujay261201@gmail.com>
Date:   Tue May 2 13:52:20 2023 +0530

    Some more reviewed changes.

commit eb016a6df6715bb5d9bbec30e25999e70135f21d
Author: Bhardwaj-Himanshu <himanshujay261201@gmail.com>
Date:   Tue May 2 09:12:14 2023 +0530

    Reviewing changes as suggested in #12056

commit 0c535fc329843c4492e27e51e203108b54948d7d
Author: Bhardwaj-Himanshu <himanshujay261201@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon May 1 15:51:00 2023 +0530

    Should fix #12056.

commit ee7f4c3b3d3142b1d7bc10ef3a81dbb57fc055ba (origin/master, origin/HEAD, master)
Merge: 393ce5b41 b0a31036a
``` 

so should I add n as 3 and squash uptil the should fix #12056 commit?
Also I am trying this out locally on other test repos, I'll update you if it works without breaking anything!

Reviewer: You can also reset all commits and re-commit it again, like

```
git reset --soft 0c535fc329843c4492e27e51e203108b54948d7d~
git commit -m 'Put your commit message here!!'
```

Use at you own risk.

Author: Then would you try to elaborate on the `squash` thing as well, to which commit should I squash?
Let's say I went back till 
- `commit ee7f4c3b3d3142b1d7bc10ef3a81dbb57fc055ba (origin/master, origin/HEAD, master)`
Which was made by bot
- But it would ask me to enter a message, which would create a new commit--> now when I add changes and make a new commit, both commits would be reflected in the changes, thus again adding 2 commits
  - one was for squash
  - one for the changes I made.
  
Thus looping me back on the multi-commit problem as well, do help me to resolve this,please!

Reviewer: I don't really know what's going on with your machine.

If you can still find the branch of this PR (supposed to be `#12056`), you can

1. `git rebase --abort` to abort any previous rebase process.
2. `git reset --soft 0c535fc329843c4492e27e51e203108b54948d7d~` to reset all change from a commit before  0c535fc to the latest `HEAD` (current) into staged area.
3. `git commit -m'docs(registry): further specify owner-remove response'` to commit all changes in one commit
4. Then `git push`. You may need a force push with `--force` flag.

That's pretty much I can help for now. I am fine with merge it as-is :)

```javascript
{
    // Indicates the remove succeeded, always true.

>     "message": "Needed but not used yet!",

Reviewer 2: A few points here:

* This moves the comment to the wrong line.
* The field key is `"msg"`.
* Each key should have a comment that explains what it is. The explanation shouldn't go in the string.  I would just explain it as something like "This field is currently ignored by cargo." or something like that.

FWIW, it also seems like it would be trivial to change cargo to not ignore it.

Author: Thanks for the suggestions, some revisions to it have been made.
Do let me know what you think about it!
